# Earliest Deadline First Scheduling Algorithm Implementation
This folder contains the hardware and software assets required to generate and exercise the EDF Scheduling Engine. For a detailed explanation of the algorithm, see the corresponding sections of the [Research I Report](../TEX/SDonchezResearchIReport.pdf), or the inline documentation.

## Directory Contents
* `data/`: a set of sample tasks in the JSON format.
* `doc/`:  contains a doxygen configuration file to generate LaTeX and PDF documentation from docblocks contained in the source code.
* `env/`: contains IDE configuration assets for both Microsoft Visual Studio 2019 and Xilinx Vitis 2020.2, for building the applications for both the ZedBoard and Windows targets.
    * The Vitis directory also includes a basic "Hello World" application as well as a client-server pair of Linux Inter-Process Communication applications implemented as proof of concepts for the ZedBoard.
* `include`: contains header files for both the EDF Engine and the Testbench applications.
* `src`: contains the C++ source files for both the EDF Engine and the Testbench applications.

## Vitis Dependency
Vitis Compilation requires additional assets proteted by Xilinx licensing, as outlined below:
* The ZedBoard BSP, as downloaded from the Xilinx website, and extracted into a `avnet-digilent-zedboard-2020.2` subdirectory of the EDF directory. 
    * See [sdonchez/petalinux-zedboard-test](https://github.com/sdonchez/petalinux-zedboard-test) for general guidance on constructing the linux image. 
    * For purposes of this project, the rootfs should be generated from the petalinux-image-full recipe, as provided by `petalinux-build -c petalinux-image-full`. The `pre-built/images/linux` directory only contains a minimal root file system as generated by the petalinux-image-std recipe. This root file system lacks standard linux Inter-Process Communication functionality necessary for these applications.
* An SDK generated from the ZedBoard BSP (constructed via `petalinux-build --sdk` and installed by using the generated installation script) and extracted to an `sdk` subdirectory of the EDF directory.

## Directories Generated
Compilation and execution of these applications produces the following additional directories:
* `bin/`: contains the executable assets generated by the compilation process.
* `obj/`: contains compilation artifacts.
* `log/`: contains the resulting logs generated by program execution.
